---
templateKey: post.template
title: Extreem andersdenkende heeft moeite met onzekerheid
author: Martijn van de Ree
date: 2022-04-04
---
**My journey of understanding the internet**

_Why this blog?_

1. I want to keep track of my progress as a developer
2. I want to be more consistent
3. want to improve
4. I want to build great things
5. Get better at writing.

_Where am I coming from:_

I am a self taught developer. I struggled a lot because the internet is a very overwhelming place where all the information is right in front of me in this small device but it is so hard to get a grip on anything because I don&#39;t know where to start.

Now I finally understand a little bit more about the internet and I am trying to become a frontend developer. But the more I understand the more the less I know.

I am hoping through this site my path of learning becomes more clear.

And maybe 1 or 2 souls will read this and understand and maybe learn something

_About the site:_

This site will be my very own playground where I can work on projects which I am interested in. I will start out with an empty site and hopefully gradually I will build it out into something great. Not only with posts about what I am struggling with but also how I am coping with these problems and how I am solving them.

_Technologies used:_

- next js - for the frontend
- netlify - for hosting

Big Goals:

- My first big goal is transforming this site as a boring site to a site which looks impressive and where a lot of front end developers would be proud of.
- Build new things for the site and write about them.
- Understand the internet bit by bit and push myself to be a better developer.

Small Achievements

1. getting this site online ✅
2. writing my first small blogpost ✅
3. ransforming my markdown files to html so next js can read the files ✅





